{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Sans CJK SC Regular;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lohit Devanagari;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Lohit Devanagari;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang4105 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon15\snext16\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs36\ab\loch\f4\fs36 Heading 1;}
{\s2\sbasedon15\snext16\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs32\ab\loch\f4\fs32 Heading 2;}
{\s3\sbasedon15\snext16\ilvl2\outlinelevel2\sb140\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\ab\loch\f4\fs28 Heading 3;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\loch\f4\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Text Body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\dbch\af7 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af7\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af7 Index;}
}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc255\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow2{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0}\listid1}
}{\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\*\generator LibreOffice/6.1.6.3$Linux_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/10$Build-3}{\info{\author Tom Brown}{\creatim\yr2018\mo4\dy28\hr10\min56}{\author Tom Brown}{\revtim\yr2018\mo5\dy13\hr21\min51}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s1\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs36\ab\loch\f4\fs36{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb240\sa120{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Other Sites Listing Queer Toronto Events}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs32\ab\loch\f4\fs32{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Yohomo - }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Toronto Queer Culture Now}
\par \pard\plain \s3\ilvl2\outlinelevel2\sb140\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\ab\loch\f4\fs28{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Description}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
It mainly contains a list of events, with large pictures for those events, not in a calendar format, but simply the time, a giant picture, the date, etc... in list format.  It starts with nightlife events, there are about a half dozen every Friday and Saturday night - usually happening at night clubs.  }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
If you click on the picture you get a blurb about the event and the address.  If you scroll down below night life there is a list for arts & culture, and below that the latest music.  It seems to be adult-oriented / club-oriented / music-oriented.  }
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The site is not incredibly easy to navigate.  It does have a list of their spotify music, as well as a blog.  }
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Their description is:}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\li709\ri0\lin709\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Toronto's only gay online community completely dedicated to the arts, culture, and nightlife of our beautiful LGBTQ2+ family.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\li709\ri0\lin709\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
What are you doing this weekend?! That's the main question Yohomo sought to answer when we first started our little party monster. It has since grown into an online hub for everything queer happening in Toronto. Yohomo exists to bring Toronto's LGBTQ2+ communities together by shining spotlights on everyone's parties, events, plays, screenings and meetups with our listings, our exclusive music mixes, playlists, profiles and fiestas (that's right, we know how to throw a damn good party too.)}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
https://yohomo.ca/}
\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs32\ab\loch\f4\fs32{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Queer West | Outexpressions Newspaper}
\par \pard\plain \s3\ilvl2\outlinelevel2\sb140\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\ab\loch\f4\fs28{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Description}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
It is a newspaper with a website that has a list of businesses (primarily bars and accommodations) in the Queer West village (Queen Street West).  It also has a list of events - the list is simply a list, not a calendar.  Also, many of the events are recurring ones and it does not give specific details about the one that is recurring.}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
  It looks like queer west itself promotes inclusive performing arts.  The website may just be an off-shoot of this.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
http://www.queerwest.org/}
\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs32\ab\loch\f4\fs32\pagebb{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Toronto Gaycities}
\par \pard\plain \s3\ilvl2\outlinelevel2\sb140\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\ab\loch\f4\fs28{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Description}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
On its main page it contains a list of popular bars, clubs, and restaurants along with pictures of them.  }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
They have ratings of how many people love it.  There don't seem to be more detailed comments than this.  There are also upcoming events listed there.  This is not in calendar format and there are not a lot of events.  Most events seem related to Pride.  There are big pictures for each event.  On the torontogaycities/events page there is another list of events, which seems to be the same events, but with headings of if they are occuring today, tomorrow, this month, next month or in a later month.  It indicates how many people are going - these seem to be large events, with at least several hundred going to each.  It lists the location along with a map.  If you sign in you can see if your friends are going.  It indicates if the event is on Facebook or not.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
https://toronto.gaycities.com/}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs32\ab\loch\f4\fs32{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Access Alliance}
\par \pard\plain \s3\ilvl2\outlinelevel2\sb140\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\ab\loch\f4\fs28{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Description}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Access Alliance is an organization that lists multicultural health and community services.  On one page there is a list of LGBTQ related organizations.  This is divided into Positive Space programs, trans/intersex resources, religious/cultural resources, advocacy, health/settlement, language/arts, and families.  While listing general organizations it seems geared to new immigrants to Canada.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
http://accessalliance.ca/programs-services/lgbtq-programs/lgbtq-resources/}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs32\ab\loch\f4\fs32{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Rainbow Health Ontario}
\par \pard\plain \s3\ilvl2\outlinelevel2\sb140\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\ab\loch\f4\fs28{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Description}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Rainbow health Ontario itself is a program and website from the Sherbourne health centre.  }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
They work to improve the health and wellbeing of LGBTQ people across Ontario.  }
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
They have a list of resources - this is a list of pamphlets, research papers, downloads, etc... related to LGBTQ health.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
There is an events page where people can submit upcoming health & wellness events for the queer Toronto community.  It appears that there are not currently any events listed, however.  }
\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs32\ab\loch\f4\fs32\pagebb{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
BlogTO}
\par \pard\plain \s3\ilvl2\outlinelevel2\sb140\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\ab\loch\f4\fs28{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Description}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
On one page this appears to list events that happen on a weekly basis at bars and clubs around Toronto by day of the week.  These are dated, however.  It seems they were last updated in 2014 and they include events at Zipperz, which no longer exists.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
https://www.blogto.com/sports_play/2014/09/queer_events_in_toronto_by_day_of_the_week/}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
BlogTO in general seems to be a blog about Toronto events.  It is likely the above was a list of events posted in a blog post in September of 2014 and has not been updated, since it is a static blog post.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs32\ab\loch\f4\fs32{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
EventBrite}
\par \pard\plain \s3\ilvl2\outlinelevel2\sb140\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\ab\loch\f4\fs28{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Description}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The site that allows people to buy tickets for various events.  It has a page listing queer Toronto events on its site.  The events are not completely in order, however, and there are only a small number of events listed.  Some events are free.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
You can filter by date, category, price, and event type.  }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
For every event you can register and it shows the price.  If there is a price you can pay for the event.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
https://www.eventbrite.ca/d/canada--toronto/queer/}
\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs32\ab\loch\f4\fs32{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Dyke City Guide to Toronto}
\par \pard\plain \s3\ilvl2\outlinelevel2\sb140\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\ab\loch\f4\fs28{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Description}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
This lists events that are either specific to dykes or very dyke friendly that happen on a monthly basis.  For many it has a link to a facebook page.  }
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
https://dykemarchtoronto.wordpress.com/education/}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs32\ab\loch\f4\fs32{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Toronto Tourism Website}
\par \pard\plain \s3\ilvl2\outlinelevel2\sb140\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\ab\loch\f4\fs28{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Description}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
This has a list of 12 events, festivals, or concerts related to LGBTQ community.  Some last for a week or so.  It doesn't provide the detailed events in the festivals but instead provides a link to their web pages.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
http://www.seetorontonow.com/toronto-diversity/top-lgbtq-events-2018/#sm.001msscz61236fp5yyu229e89t6tf}
\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs32\ab\loch\f4\fs32{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
City of Toronto Queer Events}
\par \pard\plain \s3\ilvl2\outlinelevel2\sb140\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\ab\loch\f4\fs28{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Description}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
This appears on the second page of Google's search results.  It actually has a nice calendar of events.  There is only one in May, but there are several in June - mainly for Pride.  You have to scroll down to reach the calendar.  It is nicely displayed, however, with the event name and the time it starts.  There are up to 4 events per day.  }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Each event is a link to more information about it.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
http://queerevents.ca/event-city/toronto}
\par \pard\plain \s2\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs32\ab\loch\f4\fs32{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Now Toront}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
o}
\par \pard\plain \s3\ilvl2\outlinelevel2\sb140\sa120\keepn\b\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\ab\loch\f4\fs28{\listtext\pard\plain \tab}\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Description}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
There is a list of parties in pride.  This is a list you need to scroll through with a paragraph description for each one.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
https://nowtoronto.com/music/features/10-essential-pride-events-for-2017/}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sb0\sa140\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par }